[Snippets] API + Phases documentation (#16886)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/rules/snippets/create-api.mdx

```bash
curl --request PUT https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/{zone_id}/snippets/{snippet_name} \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--header "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
--form files=@example.js \
--form metadata='{"main_module":"example.js"}'
```

The required body parameters are:

- `files`: The file with your JavaScript code.
- `metadata`: Object containing `main_module`, which must match the filename of the uploaded file.

To make this example work, save your JavaScript code in a file named `example.js`, and then execute `curl` command with a `PUT` request from the folder where `example.js` is located.

```json title="Example response"
{
  "errors": [],
  "messages": [],
  "success": true,
  "result": {
    "created_on": "2023-07-24-00:00:00",
    "modified_on": "2023-07-24-00:00:00",
    "snippet_name": "snippet_name_01"
  }
}
```

### Create/update/delete snippet rules

:::caution
When using this endpoint to create a new rule and keep existing rules, you must include all rules in the request body. Omitting an existing rule will delete the corresponding rule.
:::

> Once you’ve created a code snippet, you can link it to rules. This is done via the following `PUT` request to the `snippet_rules` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have created a code snippet, you can link it to rules. This is done via the following `PUT` request to the `snippet_rules` endpoint.
```
Avoid contraction.

```bash

> curl --request PUT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl --request PUT \
```

> curl --request PUT
> "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/{zone_id}/snippets/snippet_rules"
> --header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>"
> --header "Content-Type: application/json"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl --request PUT
"https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/{zone_id}/snippets/snippet_rules" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
```

```

The `{zone_id}` argument is the [zone ID](/fundamentals/setup/find-account-and-zone-ids/) (a hexadecimal string). You can find this value in the Cloudflare dashboard.

The following table summarizes the available operations.

| Operation                                  | Verb + Endpoint                                        |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| List all code snippets                     | `GET /zones/{zone_id}/snippets`                        |
| Create/update code snippet                 | `PUT /zones/{zone_id}/snippets/{snippet_name}`         |
| Delete code snippet                        | `DELETE /zones/{zone_id}/snippets/{snippet_name}`      |
| List snippet rules                         | `GET /zones/{zone_id}/snippets/snippet_rules`          |
| Create/update/delete snippet rules         | `PUT /zones/{zone_id}/snippets/snippet_rules`          |

## Example API calls

### Create/update code snippet

To create or update a Snippet, use the following `PUT` request. The snippet is named `{snippet_name}` and the body contains the JavaScript code.

```bash

> curl -X PUT https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/{zone_id}/snippets/{snippet_name} \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl --request PUT https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/{zone_id}/snippets/{snippet_name} \
```

--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \

> --header 'Content-Type: multipart/form-data' \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--header "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
```
We use `"` by default, unless it causes a lot of escaping (like in request bodies).

--form files=@example.js \
--form metadata='{"main_module":"example.js"}'
```

> The required body parameters are `files` (the file with your JavaScript code) and `metadata` (containing the `main_module`, which must match the filename of the uploaded file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The required body parameters are:

- `files`: The file with your JavaScript code.
- `metadata`: Object containing `main_module`, which must match the filename of the uploaded file.
```

> To make this example work, you need to save your JavaScript code in a file named `example.js`, then execute `curl` command with a PUT request from the folder where `example.js` is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make this example work, save your JavaScript code in a file named `example.js`, and then execute `curl` command with a `PUT` request from the folder where `example.js` is located.
```
